Updates the use of `renderDashComponents` to use `ExternalWrapper` when Dash 3 and falls back on `dash-extensions` for Dash 2 (#531)
snehilvj/dash-mantine-components: CHANGELOG.md

-   Added `RichTextEditor` and `TypographyStylesProvider` components #530 by @emilhe

### Changed

> - Complex components such as highlightcode, stepper are now rendered by the dash ecosystem when using dash 3+. Dash 2 falls back on `dash-extensions-js` to render via `React.createElement` (by @emilhe). This enables the use of these components in callbacks as triggers. #531 @BSd3v 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Complex components such as `CodeHighlightTabs`, and `Stepper` are now rendered by the dash ecosystem when using dash 3+. Dash 2 falls back on `dash-extensions-js` to render via `React.createElement` (by @emilhe). This enables the use of these components in callbacks as triggers. #531 @BSd3v 
```
